[Security Solution] Adding serverlessQA tag (#167494)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/test/security_solution_cypress/cypress/README.md

Note that we use tags in order to select which tests we want to execute:

> *DISCLAIMER: We are adding the @serverlessQA tag temporaly until we check the behaviour of our tests in the second quality gate.*

Reviewer: What's the longer-term plan? We would run all tests tagged as `@serverless` in QA?

Author: That is the initial idea :) 

That being said, we need also to check the feasibility and if truly makes sense. Also if we need to add tests we cannot currently have on the first quality gate, for instance, creating a project from scratch.

Reviewer: @MadameSheema Thank you, that makes sense 👍

> *DISCLAIMER: We are adding the @serverlessQA tag temporaly until we check the behaviour of our tests in the second quality gate.*
> 
> - `@serverless` includes a test in the first quality gate Serverless test suite.  You need to explicitly add this tag to any test you want to run as part of the PR process using the FTR serverless environment.
> - `@serverlessQA` includes a test in the second quality gate Serverless test suite.  You need to explicitly add this tag to any test you want to run the test in the deployed serverless project at the QA environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `@serverless` includes a test in the Serverless test suite for PRs (the so-called first quality gate). You need to explicitly add this tag to any test you want to run in CI for open PRs. These tests will run against a local, "simulated" serverless environment.
- `@serverlessQA` includes a test in the Serverless test suite for QA (the so-called second quality gate). You need to explicitly add this tag to any test you want to run in the CD pipeline against real serverless projects deployed in the Serverless QA environment.
  - **NOTE:** We are adding this tag temporarily until we check the behavior of our tests in the second quality gate.
```
